Clarifying sw_sanitize (#1001)
shopware/docs: resources/references/storefront-reference/twig-function-reference.md

| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `replace_recursive` | Enables recursive replacement in addition to twig's default `replace` filter | To see an example, see the guide on [add custom JavaScript](../../../guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/add-custom-javascript.md) |
| `currency` | Adopts currency formatting: The currency symbol and the comma setting. | --- |

> | `sw_sanitize` | Filters tags and attributes from a given string. By default twig's autoescaping is on so this filter is to explicitly allow basic html tags like <i>,<b>,... | --- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sw_sanitize` | Filters tags and attributes from a given string. By default, twig's auto escaping is on, so this filter explicitly allows basic HTML tags like <i>,<b>,... | --- |
```
